♪ Goin' to the chapel
and we're ♪
♪ Gonna get married
♪ Goin' to the chapel
and we're ♪
♪ Gonna get married
♪ Gee, I really love you
♪ And we're gonna get married
♪ Goin' to the chapel
♪ Of love...
Come on, Higgins, pick up.
Come on, pick up the damn phone.
♪ Sky is blue
♪ Whoa-oh-oh
♪ Birds all sing
♪ As if they knew
♪ Today's the day
♪ We'll say I do
♪ And we'll never
♪ Be lonely...
Where is she?
[grunting]
Had enough?
I can do this all day.
♪ Goin' to the chapel of love.
♪
[leaf blower whirring]
Hey, is this really necessary?!
Sorry, Magnum,
didn't see you there.
What're you hollering about?
What is with the blower?
Manny's on paternity leave.
And I've got a lot on my mind.
So thought I'd kill two birds
with one stone--
do some gardening
and clear my head.
Hmm, at a thousand decibels?
It's really rather meditative.
What happened
to the therapy sessions?
Well...
Dr. Ogawa kind of...
gave me a little more advice
than I was bargaining for.
Oh, yeah?
What'd she say?
Okay, fine,
don't talk about it.
But if you're looking
for a little advice,
mine is free.
Worth every penny, no doubt.
You know what,
there really is no shame
in asking for help
every now and again, Higgins.
You know what,
if you want to help me,
you could trim those hedges.
I would love to, to be honest.
But we have a client
in 30 minutes.
Well, that's plenty of time,
so chop-chop.
Or rather snip-snip, Magnum.
I mean, I really can't be doing
everything around here.
Manny is away,
I need everyone to pitch in.
All right? Thank you.
Of course, if you
want something
done right, you got
to do it yourself.
Well...
[whirring loudly]
Magnum!What was that?
Utterly useless!
Can't hear you.
♪
Where is he?
He's in the back.
I didn't have the heart
to wake the kid up.
Do me a favor, can you clarify
that this is a bar
and not a B&B?
Look, I'm sorry about that, man.
When I hired Cade,
he said he needed money,
not room and board.
I know, but him sleeping
on the floor of the bar, that's
a health code violation. I just
need you to explain to
him that this was a one-time
thing.
I will. And it was.
Good. Here.
Spam, egg, and cheese
in case the kid's hungry.
Thanks, man.
Oh, you're up.
I'm sorry, I
shouldn't be here.
No. But since you are,
I think we should talk.
It's okay, I'll be out
of your hair in a minute.
I don't, I don't need
a lecture right now.
Whoa. No lecture.
Just breakfast.
Nah, I got plans. Thanks though.
Come on, man.
Rick finds you sleeping
by the walk-in,
you really gonna pretend
like you got someplace else
to be?
Come on, tell me
what's going on.
Is there a problem
at home?
Is there a home?
Look, man...
'Cause if you or your mom
are in trouble,
there are people I can call.
Just drop it! Okay?
I'm not your problem.
Or your charity case.
You stay out of my life,
and I'll stay out of yours.
HIGGINS:
How can we help you, Aiden?
Well, my fiancée Serena's
acting...
a bit strange.
Strange, how?
It's hard to explain.
She's... just not herself.
She's tense,
stressed.
Last week, she got
an odd phone call,
and she then lied
about where she went.
Do you suspect infidelity?
No. Serena would never do that.
Have you asked her
directly?
She says that I'm letting my...
family's paranoia get
the best of me.
And they aren't keen
on this wedding.
No, not exactly.
This is my second marriage.
My first wife, Rebecca, died
last year.
And my family thinks
that I'm...
rushing into this and that
Serena's just after my money.
And I know that
that might be
how it looks.
But it doesn't feel that way.
Love and grief can coexist.
And neither one of them happens
on anyone else's schedule.
Exactly.
When Rebecca died,
Serena was my...
saving grace;
she gave me a new lease on life.
So...
no... I don't want to wait.
'Cause when you know,
you know, right?
So the wedding is still on?
Yes.
Unless you give me
a reason not to
within the next 24 hours,
I'm getting married tomorrow.
TC:
How's the family holding up?
They're doing better.
Dennis left the hospital
this morning.
And Beth will be out of the cast
in a few weeks.
Could've been a lot worse.
I'm glad everybody's okay.
Unfortunately, that's
where the good news ends.
I looked into
Cade Jensen for you.
And?No address for him.
Outstanding warrant for her--
child neglect and abandonment.
She left him?
When?
Three years ago.
They were living in her car.
She put him on a school bus
one morning, skipped town
before he got back.
Cops found him that
night at the bus stop.
Alone, in the dark, still
waiting for her to show up.
Damn.
The way he talked about her,
she sounded
like mom of the year.
It's wishful thinking,
I'm afraid.
I need to find him.
TC, look,
I know you want to help.
I'm not trying
to be a hero here.
It's just...
he took off without...
without his paycheck.
And he made it perfectly clear
that he's not coming back.
He earned it.
He needs it-- I just want him
to have it is all.
All right, start
by calling local shelters.
I will get you a list.
Thanks, Gordie.
♪
[exhales]
MAGNUM: Oh,
she's turning.
What is the opposite
of "time flies when
you're having fun"?
Hmm, the case
and I boring you?
Well, Serena's done nothing
but wedding errands all day.
We've just been cruising around
burning petrol.
Yeah, but isn't
it... meditative?
It's mind-numbing.
The tailor, the caterer,
the florist.
Yeah, a lot goes
into planning a wedding.
It may come as a surprise
to you since
you didn't really pull your
weight when we planned ours.
That hardly counted.
Okay, one,
you should be so lucky.
And two, the way things
are going with you and Ethan,
you might be walking
that plank real soon,
so I would take notes
if I were you.
Yeah, well...
I wouldn't dust
your tux off just yet.
Look, why don't we
just call it a day and head back
to Robin's Nest?
I mean, Serena's background
check was clean.
I didn't find any criminal
record, no dubious financials,
no suspicious texts,
but it's possible
that I missed something.
Or there's nothing to find.
These two get married
and live happily ever after.
Oh, please, Magnum,
this wedding is a rush job.
And the groom, whether or not
he wants to admit it,
has some rightfully cold feet.
Not everyone gets
a happy ending.
Oh.
Case in point.
Seedy motel.
Overnight bag.
Ah!
And who's the mystery man?
Well, I hate to say
I told you so.
MAGNUM:
Nah, something's not right.
Look, at the body language--
it's kind of cold.
I don't know, if you ask me,
they're not having an affair.
Well, if you would like
some more explicit proof,
you are welcome to take
the photos yourself.
I don't have
to take photographs.
I can actually hear
everything they're saying.
What are you doing?
Well, since Lia's away, I...
think it's only right
I introduce you
to the other lady
in my life.
This right here...
Careful....is Lucy.
The Lumalta 3000 laser mic.
And I can hear everything
those two are saying just
by simply pointing it at them.
You probably have
to turn it on, Magnum.
Yeah, I know how it works, all
right? Just give me a second.
[beeps]Okay.
MAN:
...but I think you're
pretty well aware
it doesn't work that way.
SERENA: Can't just show up here.
I told you, we're done.
MAN:
Not until I get my money.
SERENA:
It's right here, okay? Count it.
He's talking
about the overnight bag.
Yeah.
SERENA: That's everything
I can get, all of it.
You take it, and you don't
come back-- that's the deal.
MAN:
All right by me.
Oh, and Kate?
Congratulations.
Who's Kate?
I have no idea.
Well, on the positive side,
at least she's didn't lie
to Aiden about the affair.
No.
She's just lying
about everything else.
MAGNUM:
The good news is that
as far as we can tell
your fiancée is not
being unfaithful, but...
she does seem
to be in trouble.
And we believe she is
lying about who she is.
HIGGINS: Do you
recognize this man?
No, I've never seen him before.
SERENA:
Honey?
Oh, uh...Hello.
Hi!
Hey! Hey, we're, we're, uh...
cousins from-from
the mainland.
Well, step-cousins, uh...
Y-You know Uncle Jimmy,
the guy with...
Hey, isn't it bad luck
for the bride to see the groom
on their wedding day or...?It's, uh, it's okay.
Serena, these are P.I.s
that I hired.
And I'm really sorry,
but I think I'm owed
an apology, too?
Please, Aiden,
I can explain.
What is this?
Who's he?
He doesn't matter.
Really?
So who are you? 'Cause right now
I'm not really
quite sure I know.
My real name is...
wasKate Mulligan.
And the man in the photo is
my ex-husband.
So you've just been lying
to me the whole time?
No. No, Aiden.
Nothing about our life together
is a lie.
I love you and you know me.
I just didn't want
you to know him.
Why not?
Because he's awful.
He's abusive,
controlling.
I was young and dumb
when we met,
and I was lucky to escape
our marriage with my life.
But you got out.
Two years ago,
I'd had enough.
He was passed out, drunk.
I emptied half our bank account
and ran.
Bought a new name,
flew to Hawaii,
never looked back.Until he somehow
tracked you down.
Two weeks ago.
I got a call from
a blocked number-- it was him.
He said he'd moved on
with his life,
but he could still ruin mine.
If I didn't return
what I took,
he was gonna tell you
everything.
So why did you not come
to me with this?
I'm sorry.
He's my past, Aiden.
But you're my future.
Please believe me.
I do.
She's still lying.I know.
And a woman on the run doesn't
luck into a cover that good.
What's she hiding?
I don't know, but Aiden
paid us to find out.
So, in my mind,
it's not over until
they say, "I do."
Yeah, doesn't give us much time.
No, it doesn't-- I think we
got to divide and conquer.
You think you can
swing an invite
to the wedding and
keep an eye on Serena?
Yeah, I reckon
with her ex in town,
the couple might be amenable
to some extra security
at the wedding.Good.
[engine revs]
Well, you have my number
if he shows up.
Thanks, man.
Appreciate your help.
You, too.
No luck?
No word from social services.
And no sign of Cade
at any of the shelters
I called this morning.
Look, I know
you're worried.
But he's a resourceful kid.
He can take care of himself.
And, look, he knows
where to find us.
If he needs
his paycheck,
he knows where to get it...
if that's what this is
really all about.
Look, this ain't got nothing
to do with me and my mom.
Come on, man, how can it not?
'Cause I know better
than to think
anything'll fix that pain.
Well, what makes you think
he won't come here on his own?
'Cause I know him.
I was him.
Look, pride's all he's got left.
Good news, boys.
About time,
'cause we could use some.
My friend at social services
got in touch
with Cade's caseworker.
It seems the last few times
Cade bailed
on foster homes,
he was sleeping
in local skate parks.
Great, I'll start there.
I'll keep you two posted.
Oh, like hell you will--
I'm going with.
MAGNUM:
I figure if Serena won't be
honest about who this guy is,
I got to ask him myself.
[knocking]
Well, he packs
like a serial killer,
so there's not much here
to work with.
[chuckles]
Bad guys, you know,
they're just like us--
too lazy
to invent new passcodes.
Hello, Julian.
And you are?
Uh, Thomas Magnum, P.I.
And I-I'd love to hang
and chat for a little while,
but I have a wedding
I got to attend.
I think you're gonna be late.
[knocking][door opens]
Serena? Hello?
Hi.
Hi, um...
Listen, I'm sorry
to disturb you.
Oh, you look lovely
by the way.
What is it, is something wrong?
No, no. No sign of your ex.
Um, I just...
I wanted to ask you
a-a couple of questions.
Now? I'm about to walk
down the aisle.
I-I know, I'm sorry.
It won't take long,
I just...
You said you fled
two years ago and, uh...
as far as I can tell
Kate Mulligan disappeared
in 2010.
I was just wondering if you
could tell me what happened?
Why are you still looking
into me?
Aiden and I are fine.
And we're trying to move on.
Serena, I...
I understand you have a past
that you'd rather forget.
But if your ex is
as dangerous as you say he is,
then how can you be so sure
that he's just gonna walk away?
I'm trying
to protect you.
I don't need protection.
I've handled it.
Are you sure?
Because my partner says
that your ex is still in town.
In fact, he hasn't
even checked out
of his motel.
Well, then...
it's good that you're here.
Now I'm sorry,
but I should really
get downstairs.
Would you please
just indulge me
for-for a couple
of minutes?
I don't want any trouble.
I just wanted to make sure that
the bride's ex wasn't gonna
come and crash the party.
Her ex?
So-so you're not...?
Let's just say
we worked together.
Oh, yeah?
What line of work is that?
[clears throat]
Just go.
I have no interest
in that sham of a wedding.
Groom wouldn't either,
if he knew
what was good for him.
So, what,
you're saying
she's after his money?I'm saying
he'll be lucky
to live past the honeymoon.
They'll find him dead
of a heart attack or...
some tragic accident.
She's good that way.
You're telling me
she's a killer?
You have no idea
who you're dealing with, do you?
You think that she's...
That she...
[grunting]
That bitch.You okay?
How did she...?
The money, the money!
She poisoned the money.
[grunts]
The money!
[gasping]
MAGNUM:
I warned the cops
about the cash,
but I couldn't stick around,
because if I understood
Julian correctly...Come on, Higgins, pick up.
Higgins has no idea
she's alone with a killer.
Come on, pick up the damn phone.
I don't have time for this.
Aiden is waiting.[phone rings]
I'm sorry, just a second.
Magnum?Higgins, are you
with Serena right now?!
Yeah.Okay, listen to me,
but don't react!
Serena is a killer.
She's murdered
several people and just
poisoned Julian.
You have to be very careful.
Right.
I see.
[phone beeps]
Wait.
[both grunting]
Had enough?
I can do this all day.
[both grunting]
Serena? Serena?
What the hell is
going on?!
[grunts]
AIDEN: What the hell happened?HIGGINS: Aiden, I don't have
time to explain.
I need you to go and get help.
Is Serena okay?Aiden, I need you to focus!
Focus? What just happened?
Aiden, there is more
to your fiancée's story
than we thought.I need to check on her.
Aiden, you need to go
and get security!
Go. Go!Okay. Okay.
♪
What...?
[yells]
[glass shattering]
♪
[gasping]
[horn honks]
[horn honking]
Anything?
Nothing.
Another dead end.
None of these kids
even know who Cade is.
How 'bout you?
No, just a contact high
from all the pakalolo
and Axe Body Spray.
Hmm.
There's a couple
more parks we can hit.
I know how much
you want to find him.
But what about what he wants?
You know, we've been looking
for him all day,
left word
at all his usual spots.
Maybe it's time
to consider that...
he doesn't want to be found.
Look, I'm not giving up yet.
The-the first time
I tried to help Maleah,
she lashed out, too.
But you can't give
a person more help
than they're willing to accept.
[chuckles softly]
Sometimes,
you just got to let them know
you're there
and wait for them
to come to you.
And sometimes it's
the people that...
that push you away
that need you the most.
[chuckles softly]
All right.
Let's go.
But from now on,
I'm driving.
What?You drive
like my tutu.
Hey.
Hey.Hey.
How's Julian?
Gonna make it?
Barely.
CSU says the cash
was dusted in a nerve agent.
It's not easy
to source that stuff,
so whoever this
woman is, she's a pro.
Well, that's an
understatement.
Because according
to my MI6 contact,
she's a highly trained assassin.
Julian is her handler.
And, together, they
have quite the résumé.
My God. Is there anything
this woman won't do?
There's no M.O.-- bullets,
bombs, toxins.
Yeah, gave one guy
a massive dose of triazolam
when he was
on his commute.
Fell asleep behind the wheel.
Skillful way
of staging an accident.
But two years ago,
she just stopped.
And what I can't understand
is why she's here, now.
Well, being
a hit woman's
a hard job.
I mean, maybe...
she thought of Aiden as a...
retirement plan.
Yeah, I just feel
bad for the guy.
Today literally should have been
the best day of his life.
Well, at least it wasn't
the last day of his life.
Listen, we're gonna
take care of him,
make sure he
gets home okay.
You can give
HPD this intel.
Just please be discreet
about where you got it.
You got it. I'll be in touch.
Thanks.
[inhales deeply]
Glad you're okay.
You had me worried there
for a second.
I'm fine. I'm just...
processing everything.
Processing what,
getting your butt kicked?
No.
No, no. Just...
Aiden.
All those red flags
she raised,
and yet...
he was still so certain
of being so in love with her.
And you're not.
With Ethan.
I don't know. Dr. Ogawa
doesn't seem to think so.
What do you think?
I think he's...
a good man, and-and we have...
a good thing.
But there's something missing.
I mean, it's not what I had
with Richard.
But... what's not to say
it couldn't be?
Don't know that I...
want to give up on... something
without giving it a real shot,
you know?
Yeah, I understand.
What if staying with him
is giving up a chance
at something better?
Well, now you even sound
like Dr. Ogawa.
Well, feel free to pay me
[chuckling]
[footsteps approaching]
Okay. So...
now can somebody tell me
what the hell is going on?
I don't even know what to think.
How could I be so wrong
about her?
Where do I go from here?
You grieve.
For the version of the woman
that you loved
and... lost.
You would think
that grieving
would be something I'd
be pretty good at by now.
When Rebecca died,
it was such a shock.
She just... fell
asleep at the wheel
and... that was it.
But at least I
have our memories.
Whereas...
[inhales deeply]
...Serena never existed.
[sighs]
She fell asleep while driving?
Was it... late?
No, it was first thing
in the morning.
She must have mixed up her meds.
She was on, um...
triazolam for insomnia.
She had a double dose in
her system when she went
off the road.
Aiden...
[inhales, exhales]
I'm-- I...
[exhales] I don't know
how to tell you this. Um...
It's possible that...
your wife was murdered.
And Serenamay have
killed her.
♪
Source of our intel
is classified.
Here's what we know.
Target...
is international assassin
Serena Cole,
aka Kate Mulligan,
Lorraine Nichols,
Liv Garrity.
The list goes on.
Only thing she has more of
than aliases is body count.
Now the good news.
There's reason to believe
Serena doesn't know
these I.D.s are burned.
And it's a decent bet she'll try
to use one of these names
to flee the island.
What about her friend,
the handler?
We've got a
detail on Julian
in the hospital,
if she tries
to tie up loose ends.
And a unit outside
Aiden Walker's house,
just in case.That's it for now.
Find me when you got something.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. How's your client?
Well, he's safe
at home,
but he's rather traumatized.
Got another murder
for your board.
The first wife?
I thought
her death was an accident.
HIGGINS:
Well, the autopsy confirms
Serena's signature sedative
in Rebecca's blood
at the time
of death.
MAGNUM:
And travel records
indicate that one
of Serena's aliases was in Oahu
at the time
of Rebecca's death.
So it was a hit? Who ordered it?
We're not sure yet.But we do think
the hit on Rebecca
was how Aiden
met Serena.
[scoffs]
That's a hell of a meet-cute.
Mm-hmm.All right.
We got something.
She booked a flight.
Try ten.
Ten flights to ten cities,
all leaving in the next hour.
She's playing ten-card monte,
trying to spread us thin.
Or she's sending us on
a wild-goose chase.
Well, that's a risk
we have to take.
Hey. Guys,
thanks for the help on this,
but it's a federal collar.
All right, we need to play
this one by the book.
HPD will take it
from here. 'Kay?
♪
Sorry it didn't go
your way today, pal.
You did everything
you could.
How come it doesn't feel
like I did enough?
[sighs]
Let me ask you something.
Let's say you found Cade,
you got him the money.
Would that have been enough?
You still think
I'm too invested.
If I'm being honest,
I don't see the endgame here.
I mean, this is
an awful situation.
One paycheck,
it's not gonna be enough.
Yeah, I guess not.
She just left him there.
A 12-year-old boy,
sitting at a bus stop,
waiting for a mom
that was never gonna come back.
I guess, if I found him...
he would know
he was worth looking for.
I'm sorry
that that happened to him, pal.
And I'm sorry
it happened to you.
[shudders]
Don't be.
'Cause I think I know
where he might be.
♪
HIGGINS:
She's toying with them.
It's a distraction.
What makes
you so sure?
None of the flights
she's booked
were to non-extradition
countries.
That is tradecraft 101.
She's a pro. She knows
that you don't get out fast.
You lie low.
You assess the situation.
And then you pay somebody
a huge deal of money
to smuggle you out.
What if she's broke?
How do you figure?
Well, the itineraries.
What is the one thing that
they all have in common?
They're cheap.
Two, three stops.
Remember what she told
Julian at the motel?
"That's everything
I can get."
But if Serena's out of funds,
she won't stand a chance.
I mean, the entire world
is looking for her.
And even if she can
get off Oahu,
she would need
endless resources
to be able to survive
on the lam.
Or... a very rich fiancé.
♪
OFFICER:
Hey,
pick it up on
the perimeter check, will you?
Tommy, you good?
♪
Tommy.
Stay off the radio.
Flights are grounded tonight
at Honolulu National Airport
as the island-wide manhunt
for this woman continues.
The chaos kicked off
earlier today...
♪
Hello, Aiden.
What are you doing here?
Don't call the police.
You don't want to do that.
Please.
Or what?
You're gonna kill him,
like you killed his wife?
You don't know
what you're talking about.
So explain.
I'm sure
Aiden would love to hear
how much Rebecca's life
was worth.
I never wanted you
to find out.
I know how much
you loved her.
Who hired you?
I wasn't hired
to kill Rebecca.
I was hired by Rebecca,
to kill you.
Why would we believe you?
I still have the messages.
You can see them for yourself.
She wanted out.
Thought it would be cheaper
than a divorce.
Plus, the life insurance.
But then...
I started
to do recon on you.
Most jobs,
people had it coming.
But you were different.
Loving.
Generous.
Good.
The more I watched you,
the more I fell in love.
And I couldn't do it.
So you killed Rebecca instead.
If I didn't kill him,
she would've found
someone else who would.
It was her or you, Aiden.
I didn't have a choice.
You shouldn't have come.
I couldn't stay away.
Then or now.
[indistinct chatter]
Hands up.Hands in the air!
I don't care what happens to me.
I needed you to know
we were real.[handcuffs clicking]
I love you, Aiden.
No regrets.
♪
[car doors closing]
How you holding up?
What's gonna
happen to her?
Well, she's... going away
for a long time.
So you don't have
to worry about her anymore.
Yeah, I do.
You still love her, don't you?
I don't have a choice.
♪
[exhales]
You stalking me now?
I'm just
settling debts.
You bailed before payday.
You bussed those tables
fair and square.
Thanks.
I'm sorry about earlier.
Yeah, I know.
We're good.
How'd you find me?
My mom walked out on us
when I was young.
For months,
I would sneak downstairs
at night,
unlock the front door
while my dad was asleep.
I drove him nuts.
I just wanted to make
sure she could get in
if she changed her mind and...
wanted to come home.
I guess you think
this is pretty dumb, huh?
Nah, bro.
Hope is a powerful thing.
So where you sleeping
tonight?
Around.
I'll figure it out.
Right, right.
And it's none of my business.
But La Mariana is.
If you want to
keep getting paid,
you'll stop cutting
out on shifts.
Wait, I still have a job?
I thought I was
a health code violation.
[chuckles softly]
Far as I'm concerned,
your only violation...
was failure to clock in.
You still owe me a
few hours' work today.
I could use a hand right
now, if you're free.
You got it.
On one condition.
Oh, yeah?
What's that?
If you're gonna
keep stalking kids,
you got to get
a new ride.
Van's creepy.
[chuckling]
Okay, wiseass.
Let's go, man.
[engine turns off]
We're not going to La Mariana?
Closed by now.
But I could use
some help here,
with security.
[chuckles]
Don't get me wrong.
I'll take your money.
But I don't think anyone's
busting in to hotwire a chopper.
Oh, you didn't hear?
There was some kid breaking
into local businesses,
crashing
for the night.
I'd feel much better with
somebody watching the place.
[keys jangling]
Lock up before you come
to work in the morning.
Cool?
Yeah.
Yeah, boss. I can do that.
All right.
Then I'll leave you to it.
Where you going?I've been looking
for your ass all day.
[chuckles]:
So I'm going home.
If you need me, I'll be
right there in that trailer.
♪
Hey, boss.
Thanks.
♪
[door closes]
[chuckles softly]
[gate closes]
Magnum, are you
trespassing again?
You know you're not supposed
to be...
Restocking the wine cellar?
Fine. You know what,
you're right.
I will never do this again.
Uh, since when do you replace
bottles that you've pilfered?
Since now.Right.
Who did you nick these off?
I resent that, Higgins.
Huh.What?
It's not stealing if it's free.
Besides, I'm not gonna let
an open bar go to waste.
[phone rings]Well...
Hey, Gordie.
Mm-- Wait, what?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, thanks for filling us in.
What is it?
MAGNUM:
Marshals were about
to put Serena
on a plane for transport back to
the mainland when she escaped.
[grunting]
♪
They think
she's off Oahu already.
Well, we have to tell Aiden.
No, actually, we don't.
HPD just raided
his house 20 minutes ago,
and a couple closets
and this large safe
were found
completely empty.
He went with her?
Yeah.
Oh, and, um...
the yacht is gone, too.
It's apparently called
the No Regrets.
I love you, Aiden.
No regrets.
[chuckles softly]
I just don't get it.
Even if she does
really love him,
after everything that he's
learned about her-- the people
she's killed,
the lies she's told--
I-- how could
he go with her?
His decision is...
It's crazy.
Well, maybe it was not
a decision at all.
What do you mean?
I mean, love isn't something
you talk yourself into
or...
[inhales]
out of. It just...
I don't know, it is or it isn't.
We're not talking about...
Aiden and Serena
anymore, are we?
I don't know.
[inhales, sighs]
Well...
glad we restocked
the cellar.
You know, um...
I don't mean to...
overstep.I know.
Uh... I got to get going.
I got to pick up Lia
from the airport.
Mm-hmm.
But, hey, um...
...if you want a little more
of my famous unsolicited
advice...
...you deserve the kind of love
where you don't have to decide.
Thank you, Thomas.
[chuckles softly]
Go ahead and keep that bottle.
I'll help myself to one
of Robin's in the morning.
♪
[inhales deeply]
Hi, Ethan.
We have to talk.